I believe he gives you a point of view that is the opposite of what you read in books (for the most part) Rememer history is what you MAKE it to be. I found his perspective great since it is better to know all sides of the story to know the story indeed. Plus he was always willing to chat aftr class
Nice guy, will cut you some slack on the test if he sees that you get the BASIC concept of what he's asking for. However, tests ARE hard. No longer at saddleback.
Horrible teacher. Really bitter about life and always spoke of his self-professed poor upbringing. NOt understanding, vague and unhelpful. Gives ANALYTICAL essay exams with no explanation of instruction and grades ridiculously hard. Avoid this teacher!!!
he teaches History differently than most. READ THE BOOK for his essays- everything is straight out of the book. Fun guy to take a class from... you will learn you will learn about many things that you didn't know before!
An easy A once you know his style. Attending class is pointless in terms of a grade but interesting. His teaching style can be very difficult for someone who does not know what to expect. READ the book to do well. Lectures have very little to do with exam
lectures all class period. nothing he says will be on the test. test are all essays. i found them ot be very difficult. doesnt take attendence. must read a lot to do good on the tests.
funny guy. nothing he says is on the test BOOOOOO and hes a marxist SUCKS
I took him for history of latin america. Great guy but his tests are ambiguous and the questions are difficult.
knows evrything there is too know about mexico. he'll talk on and on all day about everything he has done, but none of it will be on the test. Read the book and ask questions and you'll do fine
Good
Very set in his ways and you can't disagree with him on anything.  He's ok very nice person there is just something you won't like about him hard to describe!
No Comments
Makes Learning very fun. Interesting lectures, but too many movies.
Agree with all the other previous comments (which are basically uniform). If there's any room for improvement, it's more in the domain of psychotherapy or political science. If she was cloned and driving the whole department, things would improve; since this isn't the case, the question is more about whether enough is being done to improve things.
Awesome professor. Very clear, helpful & compassionate. Lectures are very organized and outlined very well.  Very hard class, home works and extra credits are not easy. You've got to work hard for it and earn it. Even though class is tough she makes it appear easy and do able for her students to succeed and achieved a high grade. A darling to all.
She is a great teacher. I have learned so much from her. This class is my favorite because of her.  You are the greatest Dr. Wrightsman.   You will be missed....  EB
the best teacher i think i have ever had aat saddleback...she is so helpful and will answer any queations happily...she never makes you feel dumb...gives out study guides with exactley what you need to know...
LOVED her! I didn't want to take micro and she's so interesting that I have considered going back one day to study micro just for fun. She's passionate about the subject matter.  Very helpful/encouraging if you take the class seriously.  TONS of time/homework.  Labs are fun. Dr. Wrightsman ROCKS!
She's a great teacher with enormous enthusiasm!!! She kept me awake at 7:30am!!!
She is probably the most qualified Bio15 professor at saddleback.This class is hard, but she makes it fun.She is very helpful and her credentials are outstanding.Take her if you can, you wont regret it.
I think she knows her stuff really well and she has a strong interest in science which keeps her going on and on and on. It is amazing how she can talk for so long and not drink a sip of water. I think she is nice and helpful, but I had diffculty with the class because there is so much information.
Although, she's a task master, she is profficient in her field. You must study your ASS OFF. No kidding! Her format has changed to essay questions on lecture exams,pop quizzes,homework sheets and to hell with your weekends! Maybe she just needs a good shagging?
professional and fare! tough you need to have good time mgnt. for the class. She's great and you'll learn a lot!!!
shes a good teacher if you want to get a feel for what its like at a university, especially being that she teaches at uci as well. However, she was always moody if you asked her the wrong question especially in lab but shes a good teacher to take
One of the best at Saddleback. Lectures very clear. Complicated material is portrayed in the easiest possible way. Exams/quizzes are fair. Study the practice exams. If you take Chem 12A and BIO 3A prior to course, you basically just fill in the details
She is a very on the ball teacher, intelligent and explains subject well. Uses powerpoint, which is cool. Ussually a weekly quiz. Be prepared for labs. Interesting subject, and excellent prof for the job.
A professor who really knows her stuff!  She really made learning the material interesting and could always answer any questions asked.  One of the best teachers I've ever had!
One of the most awesome professors you will ever have. The course is challenging as far as work load, but the exams are very fair - so if you are familiar with the information you will ace the exams.  She is extremely friendly, knowledgeable,
Intelligent, sophisticated, good looking, elegant.  You have to work hard and do your assignment with passion like she does.  you will learn something from her.  take her!
He is kind... but he has to work on his teaching method... lectures are not clear... lots of reading, no powerpoint... he really teaches the whole HUGE book!
Mr.Mcmahon is awesome.He is very intelligent,wise and kind.All this remarks about him are lies.Yes, If you want to fool and not study and attend you will fail.He is a great man ,great philosopher.I consider me lucky to be his student.its easy to live in ignorance, but makes you to understand reality.To be thinker, not failer.
I think he must've been experiencing some problems with his life during this semester. He gave us a mid term on things that were not in the book and were not discussed in class, 1 person got a C and everyone else in the class failed. The only reason I got an A was because we got a substitute
HARD, class discusions are irrelivant to whats on tests. its all scantron except for final, that is an essay. He passed me only because i wrote an extra essay in addition to the final essay. memorize the book and try to stay awake in class. please take somebody else. Unless your really into phil, just dont take him, you will die.
Great Professor and brilliant man -
extremely unclear about his expectations. very few assignments, over half the class dropped after midterms. just likes hearing himself talk, and has no problem failing people. he will not do much to help you prepare for his tests, and the information is inaccurate. unless this subject is your passion in life, don't take this professor!!!
its like sitting under an apple tree while listening to a philosopher, except your in a classroom with AC.
This teacher has no ethics. Really enjoys failing students it makes him feel superior I guess. He is not clear on what he is asking from his students either. If you enjoy this subject (or your gpa) do not take him. The more intelligent you are the lower your grade will be. You will fail and you will learn nothing.
I found his class very frustrating. He is very unclear on what he expects from you when writing your essay and on the tests plus it takes him forever to return work to you. Hard to get a good grade and not very helpful or understanding.
I loved this teacher's english accent. He is sexy, though he is older. hehe. The class is mostly debate, so it is good if you like the subject, but reading is required to get a good grade. He grades hard, but makes class interesting. I recommend taking it even if you don't like ethics, though it isn't easy to ace at all.
hes a great teacher but he really makes you think. and he not a easy grader so you have to really do the work and reading, but hes funny and will always win a debate with anyone
Good teacher overall.  The whole class is debate for the most part.  Midterm and final are strictly graded but you get a 10% higher grade in the class if you have perfect attendance.
Grading is a little difficult since most points are in midterm paper and final. For those who want to learn the subject well. Attendance is important. Nice guy but truly wants to make you think
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!!!  DOESNT GET GRADES BACK...  EVER!!!  NOT CLEAR ON WHAT HE IS EXECPTING..  FAILED 90% OF THE CLASS ON THE MID-TERM!!!  HORRIBLE!!  GRADES ON ATTENDANCE!!!
He was unclear about midterm content. Gave most of the class 10 to 30 percent on midterm. It seemed to really make his day when he handed them back. Not a good guy!!!
Great teacher, one of the best I have had. Lots of work, but well worth it.
He's a wonderful teacher but only if you're up for the challenge. read a lot
I had Prof. Agnew about 20 years ago for Philosophy. I recently, discovered the critical skills you learn in her class stay with you for life!  I am not sure what each students academic plans are, but please realize how important critical thinking is escpecially if you plan on attending grad school.
Super easy class.  She is crazy!  You sit for an hour listening to her talk.  You never use the book or have any homework.  Just study for the 3 tests and you're golden.
That music drove me nuts! Overall she's a very nice & understanding professor - it's an easy A compared to other Philosophy classes.
This was maybe the worst class I'd ever taken. 10 years later and the horror of it still haunts me. Not only did we barely study Philosophy (hardly even being introduced to the concepts of the field), but we actually spent an entire session on subliminal advertising - something better suited to a pop psych course. And the constant atonal music...
This is by far the weirdest teacher I've had. She plays music in the background softly that she says keeps you up but it just made me fall asleep. The class is an easy A. Pay attention to her lectures, study the study guides and show up for the tests (you get extra points for showing up on the day).
interesting class. then gets boring the last few weeks. just pay attention to her lectures, take notes. read her book (not even much of reading), study before the tests, come to class every day (you get bonus points for attendance), and you should get an A.
I thought this class was great and very interesting! She is a bit of an odd-ball, but she is a sweet lady. She is always open to questions and does her best to help you understand. This class does take a lot of critical thinking skills. One thing I didn't like was the whole logical thinking part, but it is helpful.
Class is a joke. I chose to take the course to learn something, but I came out with nothing. She spends weeks on subliminal messages in advertisements, not once defines philosophy, and i took this because i was told it was easy. It will bore you to death, i can promise you that
This class was relatively boring, but as long as you study exactly what's on the study guides she gives you, you will do really good. All homework is not graded, and attendance isn't included in the grade (even though she takes it everyday). Take her, its a pretty easy class
I loved her! i wasn't really interested in taking the class and to now i feel like i can read a book on philosophy and actually enjoy it (not that i will). As long as you go to class and take notes you will do fine. All of her tests, including the final are cumulative so make sure you keep them. Shes great..easy A.
She is an easy teacher but if you are at all interested in philosophy DO NOT TAKE HER. I was interested in this subject until I walked into her classroom. Her elementary teaching style is boring and mundane. You can never pay attention, read a small section of the book and get an A. You will take nothing away from this class except your grade.
she's funny and a nice lady but she doesn't really teach good philosophy at all. she told our class that decartes didn't publish anything until he was dead and sometimes she doesn't explain the material so you can understand it easily. she's ok, it's an easy class.
Not easy material, however she does a very good job of explaining the material. As long as you come to class and pay attention you will ace this class.
Great teacher! Show up and listen!  That's how you'll learn, otherwise you will probably fail the class.  She was open to questions and would always repeat herself if necessary. A bit weird, but hey, it's philosophy.
Although extremely easy, the old lady's curriculum has NOTHING to do with philosophy in any way. I'm getting bored just writing abuot it.
Don't listen to all these close minded students. This is a great class, and it will make you look at the world in new ways. Professor Agnew is a sweet lady. The logic portion of the class is a little hard, but that's the only boring part of the class.
Easy, BUT--the worst class I have ever taken, hands down. Before you consider her, look up "What the bleep" on wikipedia--be prepared to watch this pile of horse**** 2-3 times and have it presented as scientific fact. She barely touches on philosophy. This woman is seriously off her rocker. Plays new-age music during every class. BIG waste of time.
This class is very interesting.. topics are really weird, but she has good examples ( which are somtimes funny) to help you understand it a lot better... just pay attention.. DO NOT ZONE OUT...
She looks like an owl but I love the lady. Her Metaphysics song is hilarious and I'll never forget it. If you study the pretests and study guides you can get B's or A's on the tests. Kind of boring, but decently easy, if you attend class.
