I believe he gives you a point of view that is the opposite of what you read in books (for the most part) Rememer history is what you MAKE it to be. I found his perspective great since it is better to know all sides of the story to know the story indeed. Plus he was always willing to chat aftr class
Nice guy, will cut you some slack on the test if he sees that you get the BASIC concept of what he's asking for. However, tests ARE hard. No longer at saddleback.
Horrible teacher. Really bitter about life and always spoke of his self-professed poor upbringing. NOt understanding, vague and unhelpful. Gives ANALYTICAL essay exams with no explanation of instruction and grades ridiculously hard. Avoid this teacher!!!
he teaches History differently than most. READ THE BOOK for his essays- everything is straight out of the book. Fun guy to take a class from... you will learn you will learn about many things that you didn't know before!
An easy A once you know his style. Attending class is pointless in terms of a grade but interesting. His teaching style can be very difficult for someone who does not know what to expect. READ the book to do well. Lectures have very little to do with exam
lectures all class period. nothing he says will be on the test. test are all essays. i found them ot be very difficult. doesnt take attendence. must read a lot to do good on the tests.
funny guy. nothing he says is on the test BOOOOOO and hes a marxist SUCKS
I took him for history of latin america. Great guy but his tests are ambiguous and the questions are difficult.
knows evrything there is too know about mexico. he'll talk on and on all day about everything he has done, but none of it will be on the test. Read the book and ask questions and you'll do fine
Good
Very set in his ways and you can't disagree with him on anything.  He's ok very nice person there is just something you won't like about him hard to describe!
No Comments
Makes Learning very fun. Interesting lectures, but too many movies.
Agree with all the other previous comments (which are basically uniform). If there's any room for improvement, it's more in the domain of psychotherapy or political science. If she was cloned and driving the whole department, things would improve; since this isn't the case, the question is more about whether enough is being done to improve things.
Awesome professor. Very clear, helpful & compassionate. Lectures are very organized and outlined very well.  Very hard class, home works and extra credits are not easy. You've got to work hard for it and earn it. Even though class is tough she makes it appear easy and do able for her students to succeed and achieved a high grade. A darling to all.
She is a great teacher. I have learned so much from her. This class is my favorite because of her.  You are the greatest Dr. Wrightsman.   You will be missed....  EB
the best teacher i think i have ever had aat saddleback...she is so helpful and will answer any queations happily...she never makes you feel dumb...gives out study guides with exactley what you need to know...
LOVED her! I didn't want to take micro and she's so interesting that I have considered going back one day to study micro just for fun. She's passionate about the subject matter.  Very helpful/encouraging if you take the class seriously.  TONS of time/homework.  Labs are fun. Dr. Wrightsman ROCKS!
She's a great teacher with enormous enthusiasm!!! She kept me awake at 7:30am!!!
She is probably the most qualified Bio15 professor at saddleback.This class is hard, but she makes it fun.She is very helpful and her credentials are outstanding.Take her if you can, you wont regret it.
I think she knows her stuff really well and she has a strong interest in science which keeps her going on and on and on. It is amazing how she can talk for so long and not drink a sip of water. I think she is nice and helpful, but I had diffculty with the class because there is so much information.
Although, she's a task master, she is profficient in her field. You must study your ASS OFF. No kidding! Her format has changed to essay questions on lecture exams,pop quizzes,homework sheets and to hell with your weekends! Maybe she just needs a good shagging?
professional and fare! tough you need to have good time mgnt. for the class. She's great and you'll learn a lot!!!
shes a good teacher if you want to get a feel for what its like at a university, especially being that she teaches at uci as well. However, she was always moody if you asked her the wrong question especially in lab but shes a good teacher to take
One of the best at Saddleback. Lectures very clear. Complicated material is portrayed in the easiest possible way. Exams/quizzes are fair. Study the practice exams. If you take Chem 12A and BIO 3A prior to course, you basically just fill in the details
She is a very on the ball teacher, intelligent and explains subject well. Uses powerpoint, which is cool. Ussually a weekly quiz. Be prepared for labs. Interesting subject, and excellent prof for the job.
A professor who really knows her stuff!  She really made learning the material interesting and could always answer any questions asked.  One of the best teachers I've ever had!
One of the most awesome professors you will ever have. The course is challenging as far as work load, but the exams are very fair - so if you are familiar with the information you will ace the exams.  She is extremely friendly, knowledgeable,
Intelligent, sophisticated, good looking, elegant.  You have to work hard and do your assignment with passion like she does.  you will learn something from her.  take her!
He is kind... but he has to work on his teaching method... lectures are not clear... lots of reading, no powerpoint... he really teaches the whole HUGE book!
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
Would not recommend to anyone. I'm a A student and got a B in his class with maximum effort. His tests don't relate to the lesson plans. He teaches humanities but only cares about philosophy. I will admit if you end up with him use him like talk to him after class and ask him what the papers should consist of and he will tell you straight up.  
